what's up guys I knee into your Zach
here back with another TCG pack opening
video I'm not feeling my best right now
I have a pretty sore throat that's been
bothering me all day but to try and make
myself feel better i bought a three pack
blister from toys r us i believe this to
have to platinum supreme victors packs
and one call of legends pack as well as
a foil card that i can't see so let's go
and get this open I like these pretty
well because the pokemon company
produces them instead of some kind of
third-party distributor which has a dead
they usually weigh packs a lot of the
time so it's not good to buy from them
looks like we get a Pikachu card I do
have this one already this is the one
they normally put in these three pack
blisters it is actually a heartgold
soulsilver promo to tell you how old it
is but let's go for the two platinum
supreme victors tax first and then we'll
finish off with call of legends go ahead
and put my d s down and we'll start with
this ab-soul pack there we go definitely
tougher to open than the black and white
and x and y packs that is for sure so we
have here a drifloon seal growlithe
chimchar stinks Rotom Plusle and Loudred
take the role on electric types in that
pack yeah that really there were three
in a row my reverse is a basic in FB
that's very nice looking that's
definitely a rare very nice and my
actual rare is a Sableye g not bad and
then we have this Rayquaza pack
all right there we go we have a cricket
OTT surskit drifloon corphish Mudkip
karna fine Cynthia's guidance look at
the top seven cards of your deck choose
one of them and put them into your hands
so it's like a great ball but for any
card not just Pokemon and it's a
supporter and then massacring my reverse
is a zubat which i believe is just a
comment yep and my rare is oh my god
holy goodness it's a Charizard GE level
X oh my god wow that is incredible let
me put this in a sleeve here I did not
expect to get anything like this Wow
freaking char's RG level X that looks so
cool oh my gosh oh this really straining
my throat but this is such an awesome
card look at this artwork incredible
artwork let's see poke power coal for
power as often if you like during your
term before you attack you may move 10
your you may move and energy attached to
one of your pokemon to char's RG can't
be used if it's affected by special
condition and then malevolent fire 150
45 energy and flip a coin if tails
discard all energy attached so I'm not
sure this is played very much or was
back in the day but look at that artwork
and it's Charizard who doesn't want to
charge our card that is amazing let's
put that in the background this is
definitely an awesome 3-pack blister
just for that but we still have one pack
left it is called legends let's see what
is in this pack 1 2 3 1 2 i'd really
like a foil energy if i could get one
out of this set Cole fairy teddiursa
pineco hitmonlee mareep cheerleaders
cheer draw 3 cards your opponent
drawcard oh man that's bad lost remover
put one special energy card attached to
one of your opponent's pokemon in the
loss zone that's pretty good and flareon
it's like an enhanced hammer but they
can't get it back my reverse
is a professor oak's new theory this
would have been great to pull back in
the day because Professor Oak's new
theory was played all the time kind of
like professor juniper and n are now so
that's really cool i'm definitely going
to hang on to that just in case i want
to build an older deck or something in
my last rare is wow that is a very angry
in masculine-looking grandville wow okay
so we got two rares Granville and
Sableye but we got this very incredible
amazing Charizard G level X so that
definitely made this worthwhile that is
going to do for me thank you guys for
watching please subscribe if you haven't
already like and favorite the video and
leave a comment below and until next
time i will see you guys later